>> Steve Kinney: So, we know Redux, but
now we want to bring it into a React app.
So, we're gonna do the same
thing we did with flux,
where I'm going to code a very simple
example, then we're gonna talk about it.
And then we'll do it together again,
right,
cuz there's just some moving parts and
some abstractions.
So I think seeing it in action to see
what the thousand-foot view is, and
then we'll conceptually talk about it,
and then we'll get into the weeds and
do it one more time.
All right, so
I'm gonna do it with a pizza calculator
and I've given myself a little
bit of starting points here.
You can see, oops,
I've got,
>> Steve Kinney: This
createStore where I'm gonna get
the reducer and the initial state.
I don't need to combine reducers for
the pizza calculator because it is
a very very simple application.
Let's take a look at the actions.
We update the number of
people with a value.
We update the slices per
person with a value.
We reset the calculator, right?
We've seen this repeatedly.
The reducer looks like it should look at
the initial state, the initial state is
gonna be that 10 and 2 that we've used
repeatedly, and we'll also have this
calculate numbers of pizzas needed as
well that we can kinda keep track of.
And we'll talk about this in a second, but
the real two that we're gonna use right
now are the number of people and
the slices per person.
Those are the two that we
care about at this point.
So those exist in the initial state and
reset will obviously put them back.
So we have our actions,
we have our reducers.
We do need to connect it up to react now.
And could you theoretically do
what we did with Flux yesterday,
which is import the store
into each one and
do on component did mount, and
then you could do all of that, right?
But Redux actually gives us another
obstruction that we can use so
that we don't have to do that
manual putting it in, waiting for
the component did mount to subscribe,
and then when component will unmount,
unsubscribing, and then setting
the state in each one of those.
We don't have to do all of that
because there's another obstraction
that we're gonna talk
about in a little bit.
But first I'm gonna be
a little hand wavy about it.
And just note that we wrap the entire
application in this provider,
and we pass it a instance of the store.
I will talk more about what that
is doing under the hood later.
So just go with the flow for
now, and we'll get into it.
But this is, again,
some of the black magic that happens
with this react-redux library.
Which is why I feel strongly about talking
Redux first, or react first, separately,
and then talking about bringing together,
but as soon as you mix in,
what does this black provider do
when we get to the connect function?
What does that do?
It becomes very unclear where the lines
are, so
that's why we talked about Redux first.
All right, great, so I've got all
of my Redux effectively set up.
What I need to do is I need to create
my container components, right?
I want these ones to hook
up to the Redux store and
pass them to
the presentational components.
So right now, these are all wired up
to be presentational in this example.
They just take all
the arguments that they need.
So input takes a whole bunch of props and
it doesn't have anything to do with it.
Reset is a button that takes a single
function as a prop to what you'd like
to do when the reset button is clicked.
Result just takes some state and
title doesn't really.
Title could take a name but apparently
I don't use it for anything, very cool.
So these are all stateless components,
dumb components.
They receive everything they need.
Very easy to test,
you pass stuff in, you see if it has
the things that it needs to have.
I have these containers here.
And right now, does anyone have
any questions about this code?
So far, so good?
Cool.